OK in order for re-act compile our component and show it on the browser we need to do something else.
We need to let the script know that we want to use.
Right.
And that's why we get this error message.
So I'm going to go right here at the top.
And now what we need to do we need to import react to the equation.
So when I'm going to do.
I'm going to say import and we can use import a lot.
First are going to say react and we are pretty much saying that I want to import something that calls
react.
And the second thing when you specify it from is going to say from Am I going to say re-act react and
this what it's going to do it's going to go to the node modules we have right here.
He's going to look for a folder that calls react and bring this function so we can use it.
Inside this file that's pretty much what's happening in a nutshell so.
OK.
We were going to get a different message app.
It's signed but never used.
That's good.
Now in order to render this component inside to do show this component inside the screen we need to
import and use something else.
The first thing I'm going to do is to import and going to say re-act dumb and I can save from and then
react Zong symbols that up.
It's everything in lower in upper case re-act dong.
That's good.
So we have the component and we have the dependencies.
Now we to show it on the screen and we can use this re-act done to show things on the screen.
So I'm going to call this re-act arm.
And now when we need to use a method that's called that calls render.
So I'm going to say Dot and say render and then just open and close.
Right.
So we want to use this renderer to show something on the screen but we get an error message right here.
This render method is going to it's going to need two different arguments.
The first one is what we want to render.
We want to render the component we need to pass the components.
OK that's good.
So let me just do that.
I'm not going to say OK we want to pass to render something that calls app going to say app.
Ok so we get a new message.
And that is good.
Whenever you get different error messages it means that you're kind of advancing.
So we get invalid component element instead of passing a class like food pass our react create element.
OK that's good.
So whenever we do this we are just telling the react on Brender that we want to output a component class
and what we have here it's a component element or instance we don't have a component class.
So in order to convert this to the let's add the react route Don no we want to show this what we need
to do is kind of a we need to convert like a like kind of a using an HDMI tag just like this.
And this is what again it's going to do is going to grab whatever you have inside here and not the actual
class.
It's like putting up a name of a function.
And of course whenever you pass the name of that function you're passing the function and that what
it's inside the function.
So this is the same thing we want to render whatever it's inside app.
All right that's good.
If I saved this is going to reload the page and we get target container.
It's not a DOM elements.
OK that's good.
That's a different error message.
So the second argument is going to be the where we are passing the what we want to render but not where
we want to render.
So whenever we work with reactant just like I told before we are going to Gravatt just one single HVM
L and we get to display everything inside that index HMO.
So if I go to the index that each team how are going to see right here that I have a div that it's called
root so re-act is going to graph all the components you have and it's going to put them right here.
It's going to put all the other components right here inside the root.
That's what we need to do.
So we need to pass as a second argument to do it right here inside the root.
You can call this whatever you want.
It doesn't matter.
So let's go to the index right here I'm going to say coma and we can begin to type document
then dot and we can to use the Crace selector.
And this is standard javascript Bennell javascript Kreiss selector.
And then I'm going to pass the ID of root.
We need to do that.
It's called root.
So if I just read the page OK.
We get.
Hello world.
So again let's go back and just recap what's happening.
We created a component that is going to be called app and this component.
It returns just an H1 tag.
Then we need to import some libraries or dependencies from react.
And we are done.
And at the end we are driving we are dumb.
We are calling a render method that takes two arguments.
What we want to output and the where we want to output that.
OK that's fine.
This is enough now.
This is kind of the the beginning of re-act kind of simple.
So that's why let's go to the next lecture and check something else.